Overview level (#2139)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/observability/_index.md

---
title: Observability

> description: Summary of the observability capabilities encompassed within the Giant Swarm platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Everything about our observability capabilities that give you visbility and insights into the Giant Swarm platform and your developers workloads.
```

Reviewer 2: Fill words, and similar repetitive stuff like visibility≈insights.

```suggestion
description: Observability tooling to provide you with visibility into the Giant Swarm platform, your cluster fleet and application workloads.
```
